---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "coreweave_networking_vpc Resource - coreweave"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  Create and manage VPCs. Learn more about CoreWeave VPCs https://docs.coreweave.com/docs/products/networking/vpc/about-vpcs.
---

# coreweave_networking_vpc (Resource)

Create and manage VPCs. Learn more about [CoreWeave VPCs](https://docs.coreweave.com/docs/products/networking/vpc/about-vpcs).

## Example Usage

```terraform
resource "coreweave_networking_vpc" "example" {
  name        = "default"
  zone        = "US-EAST-04A"
  host_prefix = "10.16.192.0/18"
  vpc_prefixes = [
    {
      name  = "pod cidr"
      value = "10.0.0.0/13"
    },
    {
      name  = "service cidr"
      value = "10.16.0.0/22"
    },
    {
      name  = "internal lb cidr"
      value = "10.32.4.0/22"
    },
  ]

  egress = {
    disable_public_access = false
  }

  ingress = {
    disable_public_services = false
  }

  dhcp = {
    dns = {
      servers = ["1.1.1.1", "8.8.8.8"]
    }
  }
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `name` (String) The name of the VPC. Must not be longer than 30 characters.
- `zone` (String) The Availability Zone in which the VPC is located.

### Optional

- `dhcp` (Attributes) Settings affecting DHCP behavior within the VPC. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--dhcp))
- `egress` (Attributes) Settings affecting traffic leaving the VPC. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--egress))
- `host_prefix` (String) An IPv4 CIDR range used to allocate host addresses when booting compute into a VPC.
This CIDR must be have a mask size of /18. If left unspecified, a Zone-specific default value will be applied by the server.
This field is immutable once set.
- `host_prefixes` (Attributes Set) The IPv4 or IPv6 CIDR ranges used to allocate host addresses when booting compute into a VPC. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--host_prefixes))
- `ingress` (Attributes) Settings affecting traffic entering the VPC. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--ingress))
- `vpc_prefixes` (Attributes Set) A list of additional prefixes associated with the VPC. For example, CKS clusters use these prefixes for Pod and service CIDR ranges. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--vpc_prefixes))

### Read-Only

- `id` (String) The unique identifier for the VPC.

<a id="nestedatt--dhcp"></a>
### Nested Schema for `dhcp`

Optional:

- `dns` (Attributes) Settings affecting DNS for DHCP within the VPC (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--dhcp--dns))

<a id="nestedatt--dhcp--dns"></a>
### Nested Schema for `dhcp.dns`

Optional:

- `servers` (Set of String) The DNS servers to be used by DHCP clients within the VPC.



<a id="nestedatt--egress"></a>
### Nested Schema for `egress`

Optional:

- `disable_public_access` (Boolean) Specifies whether the VPC should be blocked from consuming public Internet.


<a id="nestedatt--host_prefixes"></a>
### Nested Schema for `host_prefixes`

Required:

- `name` (String) The user-specified name of the host prefix.
- `prefixes` (List of String) The VPC-wide aggregates from which host-specific prefixes are allocated. May be IPv4 or IPv6.
- `type` (String) Controls network connectivity from the prefix to the host. Must be one of: UNSPECIFIED, PRIMARY, ROUTED, ATTACHED.

Optional:

- `ipam` (Attributes) The configuration for a secondary host prefix. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--host_prefixes--ipam))

<a id="nestedatt--host_prefixes--ipam"></a>
### Nested Schema for `host_prefixes.ipam`

Required:

- `prefix_length` (Number) The desired length for each Node's allocation from the VPC-wide aggregate prefix.

Optional:

- `gateway_address_policy` (String) Describes which IP address from the prefix is allocated to the network gateway. Must be one of: UNSPECIFIED, EUI64, FIRST_IP, LAST_IP.



<a id="nestedatt--ingress"></a>
### Nested Schema for `ingress`

Optional:

- `disable_public_services` (Boolean) Specifies whether the VPC should prevent public prefixes advertised from Nodes from being imported into public-facing networks, making them inaccessible from the Internet.


<a id="nestedatt--vpc_prefixes"></a>
### Nested Schema for `vpc_prefixes`

Required:

- `name` (String)
- `value` (String)

## Import

Import is supported using the following syntax:

```shell
terraform import coreweave_networking_vpc.default {{id}}
```
