---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "coreweave_observability_telemetry_relay_endpoint_prometheus Resource - coreweave"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  CoreWeave Telecaster Prometheus Remote Write forwarding endpoint. Forwards metrics data to a Prometheus-compatible endpoint.
---

# coreweave_observability_telemetry_relay_endpoint_prometheus (Resource)

CoreWeave Telecaster Prometheus Remote Write forwarding endpoint. Forwards metrics data to a Prometheus-compatible endpoint.



<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `display_name` (String) The display name of the forwarding endpoint.
- `endpoint` (String) The Prometheus Remote Write endpoint URL.
- `slug` (String) The slug of the forwarding endpoint. Used as a unique identifier.

### Optional

- `credentials` (Attributes) Authentication credentials for the Prometheus Remote Write endpoint. At most one of basic_auth, bearer_token, or auth_headers should be set. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--credentials))
- `tls` (Attributes) Configuration for TLS connections. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--tls))

### Read-Only

- `created_at` (String) The creation time of the forwarding endpoint.
- `state` (String) The state of the forwarding endpoint.
- `state_code` (Number) The state code of the forwarding endpoint.
- `state_message` (String) The state message of the forwarding endpoint.
- `updated_at` (String) The last update time of the forwarding endpoint.

<a id="nestedatt--credentials"></a>
### Nested Schema for `credentials`

Optional:

- `auth_headers` (Attributes) Custom HTTP headers for authentication. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--credentials--auth_headers))
- `basic_auth` (Attributes) HTTP Basic authentication credentials. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--credentials--basic_auth))
- `bearer_token` (Attributes) Bearer token authentication credentials. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--credentials--bearer_token))

<a id="nestedatt--credentials--auth_headers"></a>
### Nested Schema for `credentials.auth_headers`

Required:

- `headers` (Map of String, Sensitive) Map of HTTP header names to values for authentication.


<a id="nestedatt--credentials--basic_auth"></a>
### Nested Schema for `credentials.basic_auth`

Required:

- `password` (String, Sensitive) Password for HTTP Basic authentication.
- `username` (String, Sensitive) Username for HTTP Basic authentication.


<a id="nestedatt--credentials--bearer_token"></a>
### Nested Schema for `credentials.bearer_token`

Required:

- `token` (String, Sensitive) Bearer token value.



<a id="nestedatt--tls"></a>
### Nested Schema for `tls`

Required:

- `certificate_authority_data` (String) Base64 encoded CA certificate data.
