---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "coreweave_telecaster_forwarding_pipeline Resource - coreweave"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  CoreWeave Telecaster forwarding pipeline
---

# coreweave_telecaster_forwarding_pipeline (Resource)

CoreWeave Telecaster forwarding pipeline



<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `ref` (Attributes) Reference to the Telecaster forwarding pipeline. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--ref))
- `spec` (Attributes) The specification for the forwarding pipeline. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec))

### Read-Only

- `status` (Attributes) The status of the forwarding pipeline. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--status))

<a id="nestedatt--ref"></a>
### Nested Schema for `ref`

Required:

- `slug` (String) The slug of the forwarding pipeline. Used as a unique identifier.


<a id="nestedatt--spec"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec`

Required:

- `destination` (Attributes) The forwarding endpoint to send data to. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--destination))
- `enabled` (Boolean) Whether the forwarding pipeline is enabled.
- `source` (Attributes) The telemetry stream to forward. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--source))

<a id="nestedatt--spec--destination"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.destination`

Required:

- `slug` (String) The slug of the forwarding endpoint.


<a id="nestedatt--spec--source"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.source`

Required:

- `slug` (String) The slug of the telemetry stream.



<a id="nestedatt--status"></a>
### Nested Schema for `status`

Read-Only:

- `created_at` (String) The time the forwarding pipeline was created.
- `state` (String) The current state of the forwarding pipeline.
- `state_code` (Number) The numeric state code of the forwarding pipeline.
- `state_message` (String) A message associated with the current state of the forwarding pipeline.
- `updated_at` (String) The time the forwarding pipeline was last updated.
